[Music]
this 12-foot thingy is one of the
best-selling boats here at the
Southampton Boat Show it's already sold
around 200 boats this week and it's easy
to see why it's designed to be optimized
as a as a training dinghy for use in
centers and sailing schools it has a
number of neat features that have been
carefully thought out it's taken a lot
of the lessons that were learned with
the Aris quest that was launched two
years ago and applied them to a smaller
boat including the center boards instead
of a dagger board the raised boom that
gives more space inside less likely for
children and young people to hit their
heads and thus more space for the crew
in the front of the boat
[Music]